Assignment 2: Requirements elicitation

Requerimentos: Introdução, Âmbito e Descrição

A ferramenta deve suportar a criação de estudos médicos.

Create eCRFs "electronic case report form (eCRF)."
The industry defines an eCRF as a collection of a few data elements, corresponding to a
computer screen of data. It amounts to what might have been collected on a single piece of paper. This definition of eCRF is inherently
singular, unitary and backward-compatible with a common mental construct of a paper form.
For the FDA, an eCRF is inherently about multiple forms, collections of forms, and forward-looking. At the agency, an eCRF is now a
compilation of lots of data, possibly all of the data about one patient.
"The eCRF is a vehicle used to assemble all the data from different electronic- and paper-based systems and makes it possible to capture
and organize these diverse data in a manner that satisfies the study protocol and that enables the data to be systematically reviewed and
analyzed."
As conceived by the FDA, an eCRF is an uber-record containing both electronic and paper information. This is a legitimate perspective.
Regulators could not allow important data to escape their review simply because it was collected in one medium but not another.

Design rules/edit checks
Schedule patient visits
Capture eCRF data from study sites via the web
Monitor and manage clinical data
Audit trails and electronic signatures
Role-based access controls

Funcionalidades implementadas

- Organização de pesquisas clínicas por estudo, protocolo ou site, cada com o seu próprio conjunto de utilizadores autorizados, sujeitos,
definições de materia estudada e CRFs. Apoio para partilha de recursos entre estudos de forma segura e transparente.

-----Continuar aqui-----

* Dynamic generation of web-based CRFs for electronic data capture via user-defined clinical parameters and validation logic specified 
in portable Excel templates.
* Management of longitudinal data for complex and recurring patient visits.
* Data import/export tools for migration of clinical datasets in excel spreadsheets, local databases and legacy data formats.
* Extensive interfaces for data query and retrieval, across subjects, time, and clinical parameters, with dataset 
export in common statistical analysis formats. 
* Compliance with 21 CFR Part 11 and HIPAA privacy and security guidelines including use of study-specific user roles and privileges, 
SSL encryption, and auditing to monitor access and changes by users.
* A robust and scalable technology infrastructure developed using the Java J2EE framework interoperable with relational databases 
including PostgreSQL (open source) and Oracle 10G, to support the needs of the clinical research enterprise.

Note: Include contribution of the team members in the report. It also has to be clear from the commits to the repository the contributions of the different team members. 
